scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob003 QG3.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob003 QG3.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob003 QG4.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob003 QG4.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob003 QG5.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob003 QG5.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob003 QG6.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob003 QG6.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob003 QG7.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob003 QG7.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob005 LowAutocorrelationBinarySequences.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob005 LowAutocorrelationBinarySequences.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob009 PerfectSquarePlacement.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob009 PerfectSquarePlacement.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob012 nonogram.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob012 nonogram.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob017 RamseyNumbers.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob017 RamseyNumbers.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob018 water_buckets.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob018 water_buckets.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob025 Lam.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob025 Lam.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob027 prob027-alientiles-singlepass.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob027 prob027-alientiles-singlepass.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob033 WordDesign.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob033 WordDesign.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob034 WarehouseLocation.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob034 WarehouseLocation.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob039 Rehearsal.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob039 Rehearsal.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob040 DistributionWagnerWhitin.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob040 DistributionWagnerWhitin.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob042 diagnosis-single.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob042 diagnosis-single.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob044 steiner.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob044 steiner.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob048 MinimumEnergyBroadcast.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob048 MinimumEnergyBroadcast.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob049 set_partition_full.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob049 set_partition_full.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob049 set_partition_simple.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob049 set_partition_simple.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob051 TankAlloc-051.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob051 TankAlloc-051.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob054 nqueens.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob054 nqueens.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob055 EFPA.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob055 EFPA.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob057 KillerSudoku.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob057 KillerSudoku.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob074 naive-maxclique.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob074 naive-maxclique.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob115 TailAssignment.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob115 TailAssignment.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob116 Vellino.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob116 Vellino.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob132 layout.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob132 layout.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob018-Water prob018-Water.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob018-Water prob018-Water.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob037 prob037.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob037 prob037.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob123-Milk prob123-Milk.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob123-Milk prob123-Milk.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob128-Cross prob128-Cross.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob128-Cross prob128-Cross.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob131-pls prob131-pls.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh prob131-pls prob131-pls.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both-sane.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both-sane.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-func.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-func.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence noch
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence compact
scripts/modelling/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence noch
