scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random01.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random01.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random01.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random01.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random01.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random01.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random01.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random01.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random02.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random02.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random02.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random02.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random02.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random02.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random02.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random02.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random03.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random03.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random03.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random03.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random03.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random03.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random03.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random03.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random04.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random04.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random04.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random04.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random04.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random04.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random04.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random04.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random05.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random05.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random05.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random05.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random05.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random05.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random05.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random05.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random06.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random06.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random06.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random06.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random06.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random06.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random06.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random06.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random07.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random07.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random07.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random07.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random07.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random07.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random07.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random07.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random08.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random08.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random08.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random08.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random08.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random08.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random08.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random08.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random09.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random09.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random09.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random09.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random09.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random09.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random09.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random09.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random16.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random16.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random16.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random16.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random16.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random16.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random16.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random16.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random17.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random17.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random17.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random17.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random17.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random17.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random17.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random17.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random18.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random18.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random18.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random18.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random18.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random18.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random18.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random18.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random19.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random19.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random19.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random19.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random19.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random19.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random19.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random19.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random20.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random20.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random20.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random20.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random20.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random20.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random20.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random20.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random21.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random21.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random21.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random21.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random21.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random21.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random21.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random21.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random22.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random22.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random22.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random22.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random22.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random22.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random22.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random22.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random23.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random23.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random23.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random23.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random23.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random23.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random23.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random23.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random24.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random24.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random24.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random24.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random24.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random24.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random24.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random24.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random25.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random25.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random25.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random25.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random25.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random25.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random25.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random25.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random26.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random26.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random26.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random26.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random26.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random26.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random26.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random26.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random27.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random27.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random27.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random27.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random27.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random27.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random27.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random27.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random28.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random28.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random28.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random28.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random28.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random28.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random28.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random28.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random29.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random29.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random29.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random29.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random29.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random29.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random29.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random29.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random30.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random30.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random30.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random30.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random30.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random30.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random30.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random30.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random31.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random31.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random31.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random31.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random31.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random31.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random31.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random31.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random32.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random32.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random32.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random32.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random32.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random32.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random32.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random32.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random33.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random33.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random33.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random33.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random33.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random33.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random33.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random33.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random34.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random34.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random34.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random34.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random34.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random34.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random34.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random34.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random35.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random35.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random35.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random35.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random35.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random35.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random35.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random35.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random36.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random36.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random36.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random36.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random36.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random36.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random36.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random36.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random37.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random37.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random37.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random37.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random37.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random37.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random37.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random37.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random38.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random38.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random38.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random38.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random38.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random38.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random38.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random38.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random39.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random39.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random39.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random39.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random39.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random39.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random39.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random39.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random40.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random40.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random40.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random40.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random40.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random40.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random40.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random40.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random41.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random41.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random41.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random41.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random41.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random41.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random41.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random41.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random42.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random42.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random42.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random42.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random42.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random42.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random42.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random42.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random43.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random43.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random43.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random43.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random43.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random43.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random43.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random43.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random44.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random44.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random44.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random44.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random44.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random44.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random44.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random44.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random45.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random45.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random45.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random45.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random45.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random45.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random45.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random45.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random46.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random46.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random46.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random46.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random46.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random46.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random46.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random46.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random47.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random47.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random47.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random47.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random47.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random47.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random47.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random47.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random48.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random48.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random48.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random48.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random48.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random48.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random48.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random48.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random49.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random49.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random49.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random49.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random49.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random49.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random49.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random49.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random50.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random50.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random50.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random50.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random50.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random50.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random50.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random50.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random51.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random51.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random51.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random51.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random51.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random51.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random51.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random51.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random52.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random52.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random52.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random52.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random52.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random52.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random52.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random52.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random53.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random53.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random53.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random53.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random53.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random53.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random53.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random53.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random54.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random54.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random54.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random54.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random54.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random54.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random54.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random54.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random55.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random55.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random55.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random55.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random55.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random55.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random55.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random55.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random56.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random56.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random56.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random56.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random56.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random56.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random56.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random56.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random57.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random57.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random57.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random57.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random57.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random57.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random57.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random57.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random58.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random58.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random58.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random58.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random58.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random58.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random58.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random58.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random59.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random59.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random59.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random59.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random59.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random59.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random59.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random59.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random60.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random60.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random60.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random60.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random60.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random60.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random60.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random60.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random61.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random61.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random61.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random61.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random61.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random61.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random61.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random61.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random62.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random62.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random62.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random62.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random62.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random62.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random62.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random62.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random63.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random63.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random63.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random63.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random63.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random63.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random63.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random63.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random64.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random64.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random64.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random64.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random64.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random64.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random64.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random64.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random65.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random65.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random65.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random65.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random65.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random65.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random65.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random65.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random66.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random66.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random66.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random66.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random66.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random66.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random66.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random66.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random67.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random67.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random67.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random67.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random67.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random67.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random67.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random67.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random68.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random68.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random68.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random68.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random68.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random68.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random68.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random68.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random69.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random69.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random69.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random69.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random69.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random69.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random69.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random69.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random70.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random70.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random70.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random70.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random70.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random70.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random70.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random70.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random71.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random71.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random71.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random71.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random71.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random71.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random71.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random71.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random72.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random72.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random72.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random72.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random72.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random72.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random72.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random72.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random73.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random73.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random73.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random73.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random73.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random73.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random73.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random73.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random74.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random74.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random74.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random74.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random74.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random74.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random74.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random74.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random75.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random75.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random75.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random75.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random75.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random75.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random75.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/random75.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget0.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget0.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget0.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget0.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget0.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget0.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget0.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget0.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget1.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget1.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget1.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget1.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget1.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget1.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget1.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget1.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob001 CarSequencing.essence params/ReginPuget4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob002 TemplateDesign.essence params/1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob006 GolombRuler.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/01.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/01.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/01.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/01.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/01.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/01.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/01.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/01.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/02.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/02.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/02.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/02.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/02.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/02.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/02.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/02.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/03.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/03.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/03.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/03.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/03.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/03.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/03.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/03.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/04.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/04.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/04.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/04.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/04.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/04.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/04.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/04.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/05.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/05.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/05.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/05.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/05.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/05.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/05.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/05.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/06.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/06.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/06.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/06.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/06.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/06.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/06.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/06.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/07.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/07.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/07.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/07.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/07.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/07.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/07.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/07.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/08.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/08.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/08.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/08.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/08.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/08.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/08.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/08.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/09.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/09.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/09.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/09.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/09.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/09.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/09.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/09.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob007 AllIntervalSeries.essence params/10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/easy.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/easy.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/easy.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/easy.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/harder.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/harder.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/harder.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/harder.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/harder.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/harder.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/harder.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob008 VesselLoading.essence params/harder.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord01-3-2-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord02-5-3-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord03-7-4-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord04-9-5-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord05-11-6-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord06-13-7-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord07-15-8-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord08-17-9-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord09-19-10-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord10-4-3-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord11-7-6-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord12-7-7-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord13-5-8-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord14-10-9-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord15-8-10-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord16-5-4-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord17-7-6-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord18-6-7-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord19-9-8-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord20-6-9-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord21-5-10-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord22-6-5-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord23-5-6-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord24-5-7-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord25-3-8-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord26-3-9-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord27-5-10-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord28-3-6-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord29-4-7-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord30-5-8-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord31-3-9-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord32-6-10-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord33-7-7-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord34-4-8-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord35-4-9-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ord36-9-8-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob010 SocialGolfersProblem.essence params/ThomasKirkman.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian01.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian02.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian03.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian04.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian05.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian06.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian07.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian08.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian09.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O0 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O0 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O2 model_3_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob013 ProgressivePartyProblem.essence params/Ian10.param noch O2 model_4_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/1-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/2-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/3-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/4-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/5-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/6-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-16.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-17.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-20.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-25.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-7.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob015 SchursLemma.essence params/7-9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/21.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/22.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/35.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/40.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/45.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/50.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/55.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob016 TrafficLights.essence params/70.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/01.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/01.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/01.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/01.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/01.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/01.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/01.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/01.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/03.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/03.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/03.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/03.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/03.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/03.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/03.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/03.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/04.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/04.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/04.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/04.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/04.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/04.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/04.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/04.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/05.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/05.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/05.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/05.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/05.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/05.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/05.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/05.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/06.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/06.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/06.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/06.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/06.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/06.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/06.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/06.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/07.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/07.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/07.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/07.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/07.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/07.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/07.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/07.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/08.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/08.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/08.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/08.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/08.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/08.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/08.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/08.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/09.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/09.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/09.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/09.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/09.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/09.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/09.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/09.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/16.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/16.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/16.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/16.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/16.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/16.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/16.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/16.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/20.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/20.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/20.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/20.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/20.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/20.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/20.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/20.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/25.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/25.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/25.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/25.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/25.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/25.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/25.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/25.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/26.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/26.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/26.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/26.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/26.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/26.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/26.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/26.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/30.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/30.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/30.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/30.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/30.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/30.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/30.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/30.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/50.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/50.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/50.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/50.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/50.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/50.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/50.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/50.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/75.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/75.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/75.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/75.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/75.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/75.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/75.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/75.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/99.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/99.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/99.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/99.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/99.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/99.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/99.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob019 MagicSquares.essence params/99.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/01.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/01.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/01.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/01.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/01.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/01.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/01.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/01.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/02.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/02.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/02.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/02.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/02.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/02.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/02.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob021 Crossfigures.essence params/02.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob022 BusDriverScheduling.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/01.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/01.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/01.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/01.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/01.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/01.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/01.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/01.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/05.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/05.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/05.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/05.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/05.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/05.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/05.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob023 MagicHexagon.essence params/05.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_8.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_8.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_8.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_8.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_8.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_8.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_8.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_8.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_9.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_9.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_9.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_9.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_9.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_9.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_9.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_2_9.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_8.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_8.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_8.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_8.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_8.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_8.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_8.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_8.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_9.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_9.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_9.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_9.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_9.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_9.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_9.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_3_9.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_8.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_8.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_8.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_8.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_8.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_8.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_8.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_8.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_9.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_9.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_9.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_9.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_9.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_9.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_9.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_4_9.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_8.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_8.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_8.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_8.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_8.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_8.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_8.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_8.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_9.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_9.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_9.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_9.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_9.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_9.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_9.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_5_9.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_8.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_8.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_8.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_8.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_8.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_8.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_8.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_8.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_9.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_9.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_9.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_9.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_9.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_9.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_9.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob024 Langford.essence params/langford_6_9.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob025 Lam.essence params/1.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob025 Lam.essence params/1.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob025 Lam.essence params/1.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob025 Lam.essence params/1.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob025 Lam.essence params/1.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob025 Lam.essence params/1.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob025 Lam.essence params/1.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob025 Lam.essence params/1.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob026 SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-029-029-028.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-029-029-028.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-029-029-028.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-029-029-028.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-029-029-028.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-029-029-028.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-029-029-028.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-029-029-028.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-030-030-030.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-030-030-030.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-030-030-030.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-030-030-030.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-030-030-030.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-030-030-030.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-030-030-030.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/030-030-030-030-030.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-006-006-001.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-006-006-001.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-006-006-001.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-006-006-001.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-006-006-001.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-006-006-001.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-006-006-001.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-006-006-001.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-010-010-003.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-010-010-003.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-010-010-003.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-010-010-003.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-010-010-003.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-010-010-003.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-010-010-003.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-010-010-003.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-015-015-007.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-015-015-007.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-015-015-007.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-015-015-007.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-015-015-007.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-015-015-007.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-015-015-007.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-015-015-007.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-016-016-008.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-016-016-008.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-016-016-008.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-016-016-008.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-016-016-008.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-016-016-008.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-016-016-008.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-016-016-008.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-021-021-014.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-021-021-014.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-021-021-014.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-021-021-014.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-021-021-014.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-021-021-014.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-021-021-014.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-021-021-014.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-025-025-020.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-025-025-020.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-025-025-020.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-025-025-020.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-025-025-020.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-025-025-020.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-025-025-020.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-025-025-020.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-030-030-029.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-030-030-029.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-030-030-029.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-030-030-029.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-030-030-029.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-030-030-029.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-030-030-029.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-030-030-029.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-031-031-031.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-031-031-031.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-031-031-031.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-031-031-031.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-031-031-031.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-031-031-031.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-031-031-031.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/031-031-031-031-031.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-031-031-030.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-031-031-030.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-031-031-030.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-031-031-030.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-031-031-030.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-031-031-030.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-031-031-030.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-031-031-030.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-032-032-032.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-032-032-032.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-032-032-032.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-032-032-032.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-032-032-032.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-032-032-032.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-032-032-032.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/032-032-032-032-032.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-032-032-031.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-032-032-031.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-032-032-031.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-032-032-031.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-032-032-031.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-032-032-031.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-032-032-031.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-032-032-031.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-033-033-033.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-033-033-033.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-033-033-033.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-033-033-033.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-033-033-033.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-033-033-033.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-033-033-033.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/033-033-033-033-033.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-012-012-004.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-012-012-004.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-012-012-004.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-012-012-004.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-012-012-004.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-012-012-004.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-012-012-004.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-012-012-004.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-022-022-014.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-022-022-014.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-022-022-014.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-022-022-014.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-022-022-014.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-022-022-014.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-022-022-014.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-022-022-014.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-033-033-032.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-033-033-032.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-033-033-032.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-033-033-032.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-033-033-032.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-033-033-032.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-033-033-032.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-033-033-032.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-034-034-034.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-034-034-034.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-034-034-034.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-034-034-034.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-034-034-034.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-034-034-034.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-034-034-034.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/034-034-034-034-034.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-017-017-008.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-017-017-008.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-017-017-008.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-017-017-008.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-017-017-008.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-017-017-008.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-017-017-008.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-017-017-008.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-018-018-009.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-018-018-009.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-018-018-009.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-018-018-009.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-018-018-009.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-018-018-009.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-018-018-009.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-018-018-009.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-034-034-033.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-034-034-033.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-034-034-033.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-034-034-033.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-034-034-033.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-034-034-033.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-034-034-033.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-034-034-033.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-035-035-035.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-035-035-035.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-035-035-035.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-035-035-035.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-035-035-035.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-035-035-035.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-035-035-035.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/035-035-035-035-035.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-015-015-006.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-015-015-006.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-015-015-006.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-015-015-006.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-015-015-006.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-015-015-006.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-015-015-006.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-015-015-006.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-021-021-012.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-021-021-012.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-021-021-012.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-021-021-012.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-021-021-012.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-021-021-012.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-021-021-012.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-021-021-012.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-035-035-034.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-035-035-034.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-035-035-034.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-035-035-034.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-035-035-034.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-035-035-034.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-035-035-034.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-035-035-034.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-036-036-036.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-036-036-036.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-036-036-036.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-036-036-036.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-036-036-036.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-036-036-036.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-036-036-036.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/036-036-036-036-036.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-009-009-002.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-009-009-002.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-009-009-002.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-009-009-002.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-009-009-002.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-009-009-002.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-009-009-002.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-009-009-002.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-028-028-021.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-028-028-021.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-028-028-021.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-028-028-021.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-028-028-021.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-028-028-021.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-028-028-021.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-028-028-021.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-036-036-035.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-036-036-035.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-036-036-035.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-036-036-035.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-036-036-035.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-036-036-035.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-036-036-035.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-036-036-035.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-037-037-037.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-037-037-037.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-037-037-037.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-037-037-037.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-037-037-037.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-037-037-037.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-037-037-037.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/037-037-037-037-037.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-037-037-036.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-037-037-036.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-037-037-036.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-037-037-036.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-037-037-036.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-037-037-036.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-037-037-036.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-037-037-036.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-038-038-038.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-038-038-038.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-038-038-038.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-038-038-038.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-038-038-038.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-038-038-038.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-038-038-038.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/038-038-038-038-038.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-019-019-009.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-019-019-009.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-019-019-009.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-019-019-009.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-019-019-009.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-019-019-009.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-019-019-009.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-019-019-009.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-020-020-010.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-020-020-010.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-020-020-010.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-020-020-010.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-020-020-010.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-020-020-010.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-020-020-010.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-020-020-010.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-038-038-037.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-038-038-037.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-038-038-037.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-038-038-037.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-038-038-037.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-038-038-037.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-038-038-037.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-038-038-037.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-039-039-039.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-039-039-039.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-039-039-039.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-039-039-039.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-039-039-039.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-039-039-039.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-039-039-039.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/039-039-039-039-039.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-013-013-004.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-013-013-004.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-013-013-004.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-013-013-004.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-013-013-004.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-013-013-004.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-013-013-004.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-013-013-004.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-027-027-018.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-027-027-018.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-027-027-018.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-027-027-018.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-027-027-018.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-027-027-018.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-027-027-018.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-027-027-018.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-039-039-038.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-039-039-038.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-039-039-038.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-039-039-038.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-039-039-038.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-039-039-038.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-039-039-038.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-039-039-038.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-040-040-040.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-040-040-040.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-040-040-040.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-040-040-040.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-040-040-040.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-040-040-040.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-040-040-040.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/040-040-040-040-040.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/77331.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/77331.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/77331.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/77331.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/77331.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/77331.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/77331.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob028 BIBD.essence params/77331.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-16.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-16.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-16.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-16.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-16.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-16.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-16.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-16.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-17.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-17.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-17.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-17.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-17.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-17.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-17.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-17.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-18.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-18.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-18.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-18.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-18.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-18.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-18.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-18.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-19.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-19.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-19.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-19.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-19.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-19.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-19.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-19.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-1.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-1.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-1.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-1.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-1.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-1.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-1.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-1.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-20.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-20.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-20.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-20.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-20.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-20.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-20.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-20.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-21.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-21.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-21.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-21.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-21.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-21.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-21.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-21.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-22.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-22.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-22.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-22.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-22.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-22.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-22.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-22.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-23.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-23.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-23.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-23.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-23.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-23.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-23.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-23.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-24.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-24.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-24.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-24.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-24.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-24.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-24.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-24.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-25.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-25.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-25.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-25.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-25.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-25.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-25.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-25.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-26.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-26.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-26.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-26.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-26.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-26.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-26.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-26.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-27.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-27.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-27.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-27.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-27.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-27.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-27.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-27.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-28.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-28.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-28.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-28.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-28.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-28.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-28.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-28.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-8.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-8.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-8.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-8.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-8.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-8.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-8.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-8.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-9.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-9.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-9.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-9.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-9.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-9.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-9.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/bacp-9.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/test.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/test.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/test.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/test.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/test.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/test.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/test.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob030 BalancedAcademicCurriculumProblem.essence params/test.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob031 RackConfiguration.essence params/ilog.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/17.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob032 MaximumDensityStillLife.essence params/19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob034 WarehouseLocation.essence params/easy.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob034 WarehouseLocation.essence params/easy.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob034 WarehouseLocation.essence params/easy.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob034 WarehouseLocation.essence params/easy.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob034 WarehouseLocation.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob034 WarehouseLocation.essence params/easy.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob034 WarehouseLocation.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob034 WarehouseLocation.essence params/easy.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee1.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee1.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee1.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee1.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee1.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee1.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee1.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee1.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/biglee7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee1.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee1.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee1.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee1.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee1.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee1.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee1.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee1.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/lee7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p1.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p1.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p1.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p1.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p1.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p1.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p1.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p1.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p8.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p8.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p8.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p8.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p8.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p8.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p8.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p8.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p9.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p9.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p9.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p9.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p9.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p9.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p9.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob036 FixedLengthErrorCorrectingCodes.essence params/p9.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_10_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_1.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_5.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_6.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_2_9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_18.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_19.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_2.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_3.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_4.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_8.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_3_9.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_4_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_5_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_6_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_7_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_8_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/bench_9_0.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob038 SteelMillSlabDesignProblem.essence params/trival.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob040 DistributionWagnerWhitin.essence params/p01.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob040 DistributionWagnerWhitin.essence params/p01.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob040 DistributionWagnerWhitin.essence params/p01.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob040 DistributionWagnerWhitin.essence params/p01.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob040 DistributionWagnerWhitin.essence params/p01.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob040 DistributionWagnerWhitin.essence params/p01.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob040 DistributionWagnerWhitin.essence params/p01.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob040 DistributionWagnerWhitin.essence params/p01.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/01.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/01.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/01.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/01.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/01.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/01.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/01.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/01.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/02.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/02.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/02.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/02.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/02.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/02.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/02.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/02.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/03.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/03.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/03.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/03.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/03.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/03.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/03.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/03.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/04.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/04.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/04.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/04.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/04.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/04.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/04.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/04.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/05.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/05.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/05.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/05.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/05.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/05.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/05.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/05.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/06.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/06.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/06.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/06.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/06.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/06.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/06.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/06.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/07.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/07.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/07.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/07.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/07.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/07.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/07.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/07.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/08.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/08.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/08.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/08.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/08.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/08.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/08.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/08.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/09.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/09.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/09.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/09.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/09.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/09.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/09.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/09.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/20.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/20.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/20.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/20.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/20.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/20.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/20.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/20.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/30.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/30.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/30.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/30.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/30.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/30.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/30.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/30.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/40.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/40.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/40.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/40.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/40.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/40.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/40.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/40.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/50.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/50.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/50.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/50.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/50.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/50.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/50.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/50.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/99.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/99.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/99.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/99.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/99.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/99.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/99.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob041 NFractionsPuzzle.essence params/99.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob045 CoveringArray.essence params/easy_09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob051 TankAlloc-051.essence params/p01.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob051 TankAlloc-051.essence params/p01.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob051 TankAlloc-051.essence params/p01.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob051 TankAlloc-051.essence params/p01.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob051 TankAlloc-051.essence params/p01.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob051 TankAlloc-051.essence params/p01.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob051 TankAlloc-051.essence params/p01.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob051 TankAlloc-051.essence params/p01.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob054 nqueens.essence params/4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob054 nqueens.essence params/4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob054 nqueens.essence params/4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob054 nqueens.essence params/4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob054 nqueens.essence params/4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob054 nqueens.essence params/4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob054 nqueens.essence params/4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob054 nqueens.essence params/4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob055 EFPA.essence params/eparams.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob055 EFPA.essence params/eparams.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob055 EFPA.essence params/eparams.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob055 EFPA.essence params/eparams.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob055 EFPA.essence params/eparams.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob055 EFPA.essence params/eparams.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob055 EFPA.essence params/eparams.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob055 EFPA.essence params/eparams.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring01.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring02.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring03.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring04.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring05.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring06.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring07.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring08.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring09.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring10.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring11.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring12.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring13.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring14.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s1ring15.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring01.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring02.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring03.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring04.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring05.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring06.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring07.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring08.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring09.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring10.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring11.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring12.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring13.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring14.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s2ring15.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring01.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring02.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring03.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring04.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring05.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring06.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring07.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring08.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring09.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring10.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring11.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring12.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring13.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring14.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O0 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_5.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_5.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_6.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_6.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_7.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_7.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_8.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob056 sonet.essence params/s3ring15.param noch O2 model_8.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_09_300_100.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_325_100.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_350_100.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_10_360_120.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/flener_et_al_15_350_100.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/lebbah_et_al_19_20_9.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_09_70_35.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_10_100_30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_11_150_50.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_12_200_75.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/medium_13_250_80.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_50_25.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_06_60_30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_08_28_14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_09_36_12.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_10_30_09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_11_22_10.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_12_44_11.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_13_26_06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_15_21_07.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_16_16_06.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/small_bibd_19_19_09.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob065 opd.essence opd-params/toy_bibd_10_37_14.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/03.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/04.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/05.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/06.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/07.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/08.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/09.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/10.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/11.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/12.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/15.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/16.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/20.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/25.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/26.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/29.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param compact O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param compact O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O0 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_1_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_1_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_2_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob110 ArmiesOfQueens.essence params/30.param noch O2 model_2_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh csplib-prob133 knapsack.essence params/first.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy1.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy1.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy1.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy1.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy1.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy1.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy1.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy1.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy8.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy8.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy8.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy8.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy8.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy8.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy8.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy8.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy9.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy9.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy9.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy9.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy9.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy9.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy9.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/easy9.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p16.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p16.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p16.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p16.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p16.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p16.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p16.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p16.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p17.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p17.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p17.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p17.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p17.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p17.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p17.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p17.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p18.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p18.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p18.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p18.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p18.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p18.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p18.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p18.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p19.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p19.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p19.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p19.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p19.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p19.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p19.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p19.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p1.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p1.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p1.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p1.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p1.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p1.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p1.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p1.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p20.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p20.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p20.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p20.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p20.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p20.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p20.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p20.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p21.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p21.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p21.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p21.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p21.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p21.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p21.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p21.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p22.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p22.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p22.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p22.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p22.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p22.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p22.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p22.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p23.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p23.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p23.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p23.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p23.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p23.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p23.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p23.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p24.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p24.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p24.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p24.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p24.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p24.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p24.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p24.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p3.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p3.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p3.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p3.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p3.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p3.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p3.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p3.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p4.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p4.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p4.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p4.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p4.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p4.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p4.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p4.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p7.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p7.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p7.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p7.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p7.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p7.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p7.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p7.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p8.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p8.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p8.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p8.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p8.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p8.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p8.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p8.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p9.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p9.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p9.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p9.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p9.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p9.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p9.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh efpa efpa.essence params/p9.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs GracefulDoubleWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n04.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n04.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n04.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n04.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n04.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n04.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n04.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n04.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n05.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n05.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n05.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n05.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n05.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n05.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n05.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n05.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n06.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n06.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n06.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n06.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n06.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n06.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n06.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n06.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n07.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n07.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n07.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n07.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n07.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n07.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n07.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n07.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n08.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n08.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n08.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n08.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n08.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n08.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n08.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n08.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n09.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n09.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n09.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n09.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n09.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n09.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n09.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n09.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n16.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n16.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n16.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n16.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n16.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n16.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n16.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n16.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n17.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n17.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n17.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n17.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n17.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n17.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n17.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n17.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n18.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n18.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n18.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n18.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n18.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n18.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n18.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n18.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n19.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n19.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n19.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n19.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n19.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n19.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n19.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n19.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n20.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n20.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n20.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n20.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n20.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n20.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n20.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulGears GracefulGears.essence params/n20.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n04.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n04.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n04.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n04.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n04.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n04.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n04.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n04.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n05.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n05.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n05.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n05.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n05.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n05.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n05.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n05.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n06.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n06.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n06.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n06.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n06.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n06.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n06.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n06.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n07.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n07.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n07.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n07.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n07.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n07.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n07.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n07.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n08.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n08.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n08.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n08.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n08.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n08.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n08.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n08.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n09.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n09.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n09.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n09.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n09.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n09.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n09.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n09.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n16.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n16.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n16.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n16.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n16.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n16.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n16.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n16.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n17.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n17.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n17.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n17.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n17.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n17.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n17.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n17.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n18.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n18.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n18.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n18.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n18.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n18.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n18.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n18.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n19.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n19.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n19.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n19.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n19.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n19.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n19.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n19.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n20.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n20.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n20.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n20.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n20.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n20.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n20.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulHelms GracefulHelms.essence params/n20.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n04.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n05.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n06.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n07.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n08.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n09.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n10.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n11.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n12.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n14.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n15.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n16.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n17.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n18.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n19.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh GracefulWheelGraphs GracefulWheelGraphs.essence params/n20.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg prob037-peg.essence params/normal.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob037-peg-simple prob037-peg-simple.essence params/normal.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob128-Cross prob128-Cross.essence params/1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob128-Cross prob128-Cross.essence params/1.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob128-Cross prob128-Cross.essence params/1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob128-Cross prob128-Cross.essence params/1.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob128-Cross prob128-Cross.essence params/1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob128-Cross prob128-Cross.essence params/1.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob128-Cross prob128-Cross.essence params/1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh prob128-Cross prob128-Cross.essence params/1.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both.essence params/5-2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both.essence params/5-2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both.essence params/5-2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both.essence params/5-2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both-sane.essence params/5-2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both-sane.essence params/5-2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both-sane.essence params/5-2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both-sane.essence params/5-2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both-sane.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both-sane.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both-sane.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-both-sane.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey.essence params/5-2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey.essence params/5-2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey.essence params/5-2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey.essence params/5-2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-func.essence params/5-2.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-func.essence params/5-2.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-func.essence params/5-2.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-func.essence params/5-2.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-func.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-func.essence params/5-2.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-func.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh ramsey prob056-ramsey-func.essence params/5-2.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r5.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r5.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r5.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r5.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r5.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r5.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r5.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r5.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r6.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r6.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r6.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r6.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r6.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r6.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r6.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l3r6.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r8.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r8.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r8.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r8.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r8.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r8.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r8.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r8.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r9.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r9.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r9.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r9.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r9.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r9.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r9.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l4r9.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l5r13.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l5r13.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l5r13.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l5r13.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l5r13.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l5r13.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l5r13.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l5r13.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l6r17.param compact O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l6r17.param compact O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l6r17.param compact O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l6r17.param compact O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l6r17.param noch O0 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l6r17.param noch O0 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l6r17.param noch O2 model.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh RamseyNumbers RamseyNumbers.essence params/k3l6r17.param noch O2 model.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n30.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n31.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n32.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n33.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n34.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n35.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n36.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n37.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n38.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n39.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n40.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n41.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n42.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n43.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n44.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n45.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n46.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n47.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n48.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n49.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n50.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n51.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n52.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n53.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n54.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n55.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n56.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n57.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n58.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n59.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n60.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n61.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n62.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n63.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n64.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n65.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n66.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n67.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n68.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n69.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n70.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n71.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n72.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n73.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n74.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n75.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n76.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n77.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n78.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param compact O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param compact O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param compact O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param compact O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O0 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O0 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O0 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O0 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O0 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O0 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O0 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O0 model_4.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O2 model_1.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O2 model_1.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O2 model_2.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O2 model_2.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O2 model_3.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O2 model_3.eprime minion
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O2 model_4.eprime lingeling
scripts/solutions/runConjure.sh VanDerWaerdenNumbers VanDerWaerden.essence params/k3l4n79.param noch O2 model_4.eprime minion
